#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kombu
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
arabic-reshaper==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   xhtml2pdf
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   oscrypto
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
celery==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   reportlab
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   nltk
    #   pyhanko
    #   uvicorn
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click
    #   qrcode
    #   tqdm
crispy-bootstrap5==2024.2
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==43.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   svglib
distlib==0.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
django==5.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   crispy-bootstrap5
    #   django-ckeditor
    #   django-ckeditor-5
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-filter
    #   django-jazzmin
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-pwa
    #   django-redis
    #   djangorestframework
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
django-ckeditor==6.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-ckeditor-5==0.2.13
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-crispy-forms==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   crispy-bootstrap5
django-filter==24.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-jazzmin==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-ckeditor
django-pwa==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
djangorestframework-simplejwt==5.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   email-validator
email-validator==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.110.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
geographiclib==2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   xhtml2pdf
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
httpx==0.27.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
kombu==5.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
lxml==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   svglib
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
nltk==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   textblob
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
orjson==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
pandas==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-ckeditor-5
    #   reportlab
    #   xhtml2pdf
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   virtualenv
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   click-repl
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic
pydantic-extra-types==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic-settings==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyhanko==0.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   xhtml2pdf
pyhanko-certvalidator==0.26.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyhanko
    #   xhtml2pdf
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-simplejwt
pyotp==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pypdf==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   xhtml2pdf
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   qrcode
python-bidi==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   xhtml2pdf
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   pandas
python-decouple==3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyhanko
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyhanko
redis==5.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-redis
regex==2024.5.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
reportlab==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   svglib
    #   xhtml2pdf
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   html5lib
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
starlette==0.36.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
svglib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   xhtml2pdf
textblob==0.18.0.post0
    # via -r requirements.in
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cssselect2
    #   svglib
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   qrcode
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   pandas
    #   tzlocal
tzlocal==5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyhanko
ujson==5.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
uritools==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.29.0
    # via -r requirements.in
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.24.6
    # via -r requirements.in
watchfiles==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
websockets==12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
xhtml2pdf==0.2.16
    # via -r requirements.in
